rename VSCE, VSCE API, SDK, and CLI (#405)
zowe/cics-for-zowe-client: packages/cli/README.md

> # Zowe&reg; CLI Plug-in for IBM&reg; CICS&reg; Transaction Server

Reviewer: Trade mark in title

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/zowe/zowe-cli-cics-plugin/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/zowe/zowe-cli-cics-plugin)

> The Zowe&reg; CLI Plug-in for IBM&reg; CICS&reg; Transaction Server (previously named IBM CICS Plug-in for Zowe CLI) lets you extend Zowe CLI to interact with IBM CICS programs and transactions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Zowe&reg; CLI Plug-in for IBM&reg; CICS&reg; Transaction Server (formerly IBM CICS Plug-in for Zowe CLI) lets you extend Zowe CLI to interact with IBM CICS programs and transactions.
```

> 

Reviewer 3: Would also update the heading in line 1 of this file

Author: Great spot! Thank you. Fixed the SDK one too.
